"Present how the following will be provided to Inmarsat and include additional value added items:
• Present an approach that will build, refresh, re-personalize non-production environments in standalone or integrated mode as required or requested
• Present a framework to deliver and maintain all refreshes, re-personalization, data masking and ensure compliance to GDPR practices
• Demonstrate a mechanism to manage environment specific configurations (i.e. ubbconfig, Configuration Items), reference data release ,
 code/configuration release deployments across the environment landscape, including a model of release repositories factoring in hotfixes, patches etc."
 
 Challenges we encountered in BTP:
 
1. Lack of coordination while refreshing test environments
2. No fair and priority based model for refreshing environments
3. Real time updates is not known to different cross-sectional(testing/dev/PMs) teams when a refresh is in progress
4. Data in  not in sync in due to no coordination and visibility of Refresh Requests among teams
5. Significant loss of productivity due to improper reconciliation
6. Absence of controls causing outages and data issues
7. Impacting project planning and delivery
8. No metrics for management to look at environment cost and utilization
9. Absence of data driven decision making

Expertise:

1. TEMS - personnel to provide any realtime updates.
2. Owning/Presenting TEMS dashboards- for process visualization of the refresh progress/keyowners/dependencies.
3. Complete ownership of Environment management workflows. Setting up process for cross sectional teams' handshakes and handover
4. Also providing incident management with inhouse tool/capabilities
5. Manage and control changes

Approach:
1. Working based on agreed workflows(coordinating with Inmarsat's internal teams-IT operations, Networks, Infra, DBAs etc.)
2. Providing centralized management - visibility to entire Programme through TEMS dashboards.
3. Proactive monitoring thereby reducing/arresting any data corruption
4. Following compliance standards of the region/GDPR
5. Facilitating deployments of code drops in quicker time









